 

Diploma | IRWTHAACHE

N
Supplement UNIVERSITY

Ceccarelli Grimaldi, Giacomo Vincenzo Page 3 of 4

4.3

4.4

45

Masters have the following qualification profile:

* In comparison to holders of a Bachelor degree, they developed a higher maturity and
deeper confidence in applying and transferring their technical and social skills.

* They acquired profound technical and economic knowledge in selected specialization
areas of Electrical Power Engineering and Business Administration.

* Their competencies are sufficiently profound and, at the same time, sufficiently broad
for enabling them to familiarize themselves with future technologies and management
practices in their own discipline and in neighboring areas.

* They are able to successfully apply, critically challenge and, if necessary, enhance the
methods of Electrical Power Engineering and Business Administration for presenting and
solving complex research and development problems in industry or research institutes.

* They acquired various technical and social competencies (e.g., abilities to abstract,
analytical and system-oriented thinking, abilities to work and communicate in teams,
international and inter-cultural experiences) which prepares them for managerial
positions.

They are not only qualified for positions in research and development, but also well prepared for other
demanding tasks, in particular for managerial positions in commerce and administration.

A fixed part of the study program is devoted to interdisciplinary and social skills.

Program details, individual credits gained and grades/marks obtained

See "Transcript of Records" and "Prifungszeugnis" (Final Examination Certificate) regarding the
modules, the final module examinations, the individually acquired credit points, and the grades
achieved.

Grading system and, if available, grade distribution table
General Mark Scheme (see Section 8.6)

Overall classification of the qualification (in original language)
befriedigend (2,7)

Based on the accumulation of grades received during the study program and the final thesis; cf.
"Prifungszeugnis” (Final Examination Certificate).

5. INFORMATION ON THE FUNCTION OF THE QUALIFICATION

5.1

Access to further study
Qualifies to apply for admission to doctoral studies.
