Diploma

 

RWTHAACHEN
supplement UNIVERSITY

Ceccarelli Grimaldi, Giacomo Vincenzo Page 2 of 4

3. INFORMATION ON THE LEVEL AND DURATION OF THE QUALIFICATION

3.1

3.2

3.3

Level of the qualification
Second Degree Study Program

Official duration of program in credits and/or years
2 years (4 semesters, 120 ECTS Credits)

Access requirement(s)

Admission to the course requires the applicant to hold a recognized first university degree. Details on
adequate qualifications can be found in the published examination rules.

4. INFORMATION ON THE PROGRAM COMPLETED AND THE RESULTS OBTAINED

41

4.2

Mode of study
Full time

Program learning outcomes

Admission to the Master program requires a Bachelor degree in Electrical Power Engineering and
Business Administration or closely related disciplines. Applicants with other degrees are evaluated
individually before admission can be granted.

Holders of an Electrical Power Engineering and Business Administration Master degree from RWTH
Aachen University are qualified to apply the scientific methods of Electrical Power Engineering

and Business Administration, to extend and further develop these methods in particular domains,
and to act in a responsible way with respect to the consequences of technological and economic
advancements. In addition, the Master program provides the scientific prerequisites for a PhD study
program to particularly qualified students.

In order to deepen the general Electrical Power Engineering and Business Administration knowledge,
each student chooses among various fields of specialization within Electrical Power Engineering and
Business Administration with advanced courses and seminars. The program is thereby equally divided
into Engineering and Business Administration subjects. In the Business Administration part students
can choose their courses from a set catalogue and are thus able to specialize in one area. In the
Engineering part students choose elective courses out of catalogues to specialize in selected fields of
electrical power engineering. The specialization is finalized in the independently elaborated scientific
Masters thesis about an engineering or economic topic which goes far beyond the level, profoundness
and size of a Bachelors thesis.

The program also provides courses in interdisciplinary areas - the so-called soft skills - such as foreign
languages, project management, presentation or rhetorical skills. These soft-skill courses play a key
role in preparing our students for the effective collaboration in inter- and trans-disciplinary projects.
